Update README.adoc (#52)
teragrep/aer_02: README.adoc

// 2. Update the issues link in Contributing section in the readme file
// 3. Update the discussion link in config.yml file in .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE directory

= aer_02 (Azure EventHub to Syslog bridge using Azure Java Function)

// Add a short description of your project. Tell what your project does and what it's used for.

> Allows converting Azure EventHub events to Syslog messages and sending them to a RELP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows conversion of Azure EventHub events to Syslog messages and sending them to a RELP server.
```

== Limitations

// If your project has limitations, please list them. Otherwise remove this section.
Currently only a default `Plugin` is included in the project. If other type of additional message processing is required,
a class implementing `Plugin` and `PluginFactory` must be created and added to the configuration file.

== How to [compile/use/implement]

// add instructions how people can start to use your project

=== Compile using Maven

The project can be compiled using Maven. It is recommended to use Java 11.
[source,bash]
----
$ JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk mvn clean package
----
Using the `package` lifecycle ensures that the necessary JSON manifests to run the Azure Functions are generated.

=== Usage in Azure

> The project must be deployed as a Function in a Function App. The Function App requires a few App Settings to function
> properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project must be deployed as a Function in a Function App. The Function App requires or supports the following Environment variables:
```

|===

> |App Setting |Description |Default value |Possible values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Environment variable |Description |Default value |Possible values
```

|EventHubName
|Specifies the EventHub name from which to receive the events. Must be provided.
|N/A
|Any valid EventHub name

|EventHubConnectionString
|Connection string required to communicate with an EventHub in a namespace. Must be provided.
|N/A
|Valid EventHub connection string

|RELP_TLS_MODE
|Specifies which TLS implementation should be used. By default, no encryption is used.
|`none`
|`none`, `keyVault`

|PLUGINS_CONFIG_PATH
|Specifies the plugin configuration file path.
By default, no configuration is loaded and the DefaultPlugin is used for all resourceIds.
|`""`
|valid path, `""`

|RELP_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT
|Specifies the time to wait before timing out connection in milliseconds.
|2500
|milliseconds

|RELP_TRANSACTION_READ_TIMEOUT
|Time to wait for destination to acknowledge sent data in milliseconds. Low values may cause duplicates.
|1500
|milliseconds

|RELP_TRANSACTION_WRITE_TIMEOUT
|Time to wait for destination to accept data in milliseconds.
|1500
|milliseconds

|RELP_CONNECTION_RETRY_INTERVAL
|Time to wait between reconnection attempts in milliseconds.
|500

> |milliseconds

Reviewer: What are the min/max values for the milliseconds?

Author: As far as I can tell, it is only limited by maximum and minimum values for Integer.

Author: added clarification that milliseconds should be a positive integer
